so why da Haiti what were you here I
wanna chase adventures hello is this guy
[Music]
Darko what's a life's not their own life
you're either sleep-deprived or seasick
and after a few days there's that loosen
ations why did it it's a feeling I can't
describe this you and infinite horizon
how would you like to sail that has
added account it's long givers do you
think I paid 4,000 miles is insane
I'm not going anywhere without you I'm
saying with me
[Music]
yeah
thousands of miles from land bring on
any flight paths that's like a 1,500
square miles for cheerio needle in a
haystack
my ribs burning my legs shove it I'm
dead weight he's out of Hawaii it's
about 2,000 miles
shot at the movie the target if you miss
Hawaii that's why we died I can't do
this you can do anything you put your
mind to
I sell coffee around the world to find
you
I'm not early Newcomb
[Music]